Jaunt License.

Preamble: This Agreement governs the relationship between the Licensee, a private person, (hereinafter: Licensee) and Thomas Michael Cervenka of Vancouver, BC, Canada (Hereinafter: Licensor). This Agreement sets the terms, rights, restrictions and obligations on using Jaunt API (hereinafter: The Software) created and owned by Licensor, as detailed herein

License Grant: Licensor hereby grants Licensee a Sublicensable, Non-assignable & non-transferable, Commercial, Royalty free, Without the rights to create derivative works, Non-exclusive license, all with accordance with the terms set forth and other legal restrictions set forth in 3rd party software used while running Software.

Limited: Licensee may use Software for the purpose of:
Running Software on Licensee’s Website[s] and Server[s];
Allowing 3rd Parties to run Software on Licensee’s Website[s] and Server[s];
Publishing Software’s output to Licensee and 3rd Parties;
Distribute verbatim copies of Software’s output (including compiled binaries).

Binary Restricted: Licensee may sublicense Software as a part of a larger work containing more than Software, distributed solely in Object or Binary form under a personal, non-sublicensable, limited license.

Non Assignable & Non-Transferable: Licensee may not assign or transfer his rights and duties under this license.

Commercial, Royalty Free: Licensee may use Software for any purpose, including paid-services, without any royalties.

Term & Termination: The Term of this license shall be until the software expires on the date specified in the release notes that accompany the software or until this license is terminated (whichever occurs first). Licensor may terminate this Agreement, including Licensee’s license in the case where Licensee:
exported The Software to any jurisdiction where licensor may not enforce his rights under this agreements in; or
Licensee was in breach of any of this license's terms and conditions; or
Licensee otherwise entered into any arrangement which caused Licensor to be unable to enforce his rights under this License.

Support: Software is provided under an AS-IS basis and without any support, updates or maintenance. Nothing in this Agreement shall require Licensor to provide Licensee with support or fixes to any bug, failure, mis-performance or other defect in The Software.

Feature Request: Licensee may request additional features in Software, provided, however, that (i) Licensee shall waive any claim or right in such feature should feature be developed by Licensor; (ii) Licensee shall be prohibited from developing the feature, or disclose such feature request, or feature, to any 3rd party directly competing with Licensor or any 3rd party which may be, following the development of such feature, in direct competition with Licensor; (iii) Licensee warrants that feature does not infringe any 3rd party patent, trademark, trade-secret or any other intellectual property right; and (iv) Licensee developed, envisioned or created the feature solely by himself.

Liability:  To the extent permitted under Law, The Software is provided under an AS-IS basis. Licensor shall never, and without any limit, be liable for any damage, cost, expense or any other payment incurred by Licensee as a result of Software’s actions, failure, bugs and/or any other interaction between The Software  and Licensee’s end-equipment, computers, other software or any 3rd party, end-equipment, computer or services.  Moreover, Licensor shall never be liable for any defect in source code written by Licensee when relying on The Software or using The Software’s source code.

Warranty:  
Intellectual Property: Licensor hereby warrants that The Software does not violate or infringe any 3rd party claims in regards to intellectual property, patents and/or trademarks and that to the best of its knowledge no legal action has been taken against it for any infringement or violation of any 3rd party intellectual property rights.

No-Warranty: The Software is provided without any warranty; Licensor hereby disclaims any warranty that The Software shall be error free, without defects or code which may cause damage to Licensee’s computers or to Licensee, and that Software shall be functional. Licensee shall be solely liable to any damage, defect or loss incurred as a result of operating software and undertake the risks contained in running The Software on License’s Server[s] and Website[s]. 

Prior Inspection: Licensee hereby states that he inspected The Software thoroughly and found it satisfactory and adequate to his needs, that it does not interfere with his regular operation and that it does meet the standards and scope of his computer systems and architecture. Licensee found that The Software interacts with his development, website and server environment and that it does not infringe any of End User License Agreement of any software Licensee may use in performing his services. Licensee hereby waives any claims regarding The Software's incompatibility, performance, results and features, and warrants that he inspected the The Software. 

No Refunds: Licensee warrants that he inspected The Software and that it is adequate to his needs. Accordingly, as The Software is intangible goods, Licensee shall not be, ever, entitled to any refund, rebate, compensation or restitution for any reason whatsoever, even if The Software contains material flaws.

Indemnification: Licensee hereby warrants to hold Licensor harmless and indemnify Licensor for any lawsuit brought against it in regards to Licensee’s use of The Software in means that violate, breach or otherwise circumvent this license, Licensor's intellectual property rights or Licensor's title in The Software. Licensor shall promptly notify Licensee in case of such legal action and request Licensee’s consent prior to any settlement in relation to such lawsuit or claim.

Governing Law, Jurisdiction: Licensee hereby agrees not to initiate class-action lawsuits against Licensor in relation to this license and to compensate Licensor for any legal fees, cost or attorney fees should any claim brought by Licensee against Licensor be denied, in part or in full.